h1. Mac OS X Lion or higher attention please

You might want to try [LinkLiar](http://github.com/funkensturm/LinkLiar) instead.

h1. AirPortClown for (Snow Leopard)

AirPortClown is a MAC address spoofing tool for Mac OS X. It's open-source and doesn't cost anything.

h3. Features

* Random MAC address suggestions
* Choosing MAC-prefix from vendor list (with search field)
* Randomizing the MAC-suffix (aka Device-ID) for the given prefix 
* Applying the MAC address via +ifconfig+ (requires superuser privileges)

h3. Release Notes

* 2.1: Added a preferences pane to be able to choose the interface
* 2.0: The app is alive and is supposed to replace the AppleScript version which I call 1.0 as of now.

h3. Community

* I'm happy about patches. Please fork and send me a pull request.
* But please don't run me over with annoying feature requests :)

h3. License

AirPortClown is released under
The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2010 funkensturm.com

Inspired by the Automator script of Ryan:
http://iamthekiller.net/2009/12/spoof-your-mac-address-with-services

Improved with ideas of JosteinB:
http://josteinb.com/2009/10/spoofing-your-mac-address-in-snow-leopard

And the helpful comments of our visitors:
http://blog.funkensturm.de/2010/01/22/airportclown-simple-mac-address-spoof-for-snow-leopard

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.